Study Buddy Finder
Since the dawn of time, finding a study partner that is as motivated and intelligent as oneself has been a pain point of the post-secondary education experience. Our study buddy finder will be great for finding someone in your class who will help you study better and smarter. The users will be able to create a profile highlighting their grades, classes, and study styles. Then, they’ll be able to peruse through a carefully selected set of potential study buddy candidates. Similar to the popular dating app Tinder, if the user sees someone they deem appropriate, they’ll be able to give them a ‘pass’ judgement, otherwise the user can ‘fail’ a candidate. We’ll then match up any pairs that have passed each other and they’ll be free to make study plans.
The target demographic for this service consists of students at post-secondary institutions aged 18 to 30. Specifically, this service would be of great use to people who have moved away from their hometown to a new school since they’re less likely to know anybody in their classes to study with.
Users will finally ba able to find equally motivated students in their classes, something that's seemingly impossible nowadays. With the help of our study buddy finder, users could potentially improve their grades significantly. Scientific studies show that having a great study buddy is correlated with having great grades. Additionally, our service will help students network within their classes.
Finally, in order for us to deem our project a success, we’d like to see approximately 3500 active monthly users by November 2016. Active monthly users are defined as users who have been using our service for at least one month and who have opened our service at least 3 times in the most recent 30 days. Since it’s difficult to measure whether a student’s grades have improved since starting to use our service, we’ll focus on active users because if a user comes back, it should indicate that they believe that our service is assisting them with their classes. Additionally, we hope that by the end of April, our service will be in a position to test with focus groups. We will deem our service a success if 90% of the users in our focus groups believe that our service is appealing to the eye and if 85% of the users believe that our service is easy to use. Our focus groups will consist of only members of our target demographic, with some experienced users and some which have never used our service before.
